[charts][docs] Add docs for rounded symbol (#15324)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/legend/legend.md

Which can lead to label overflow.
:::

> ### Rounded symbol
> 
> To create a rounded symbol, use the `sx` prop to style the symbol class directly. Import `legendClasses.mark` to target the symbol, and set the `ry` property to control the symbol's corner radius.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rounded symbol

To create a rounded symbol, use the `legendClasses.mark` to apply CSS on marks.
Notice that SVG `rect` uses `ry` property to control the symbol's corner radius instead of `border-radius`.
```

I propose to be more generic, because `sx` is not the only way we can pass CSS to the component

Author: Updated
